Add documentation for masking action name options (#23608)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/session_replay/browser/privacy_options.md

For example, override the following name with `<div data-dd-action-name="Address" > → Action: "Click on Address"`.

Additional use cases to override the default action name include masking sensitive data in the RUM Explorer and streamlining your analytics and search with custom naming conventions.
### Mask Action Names

> By default, if you wish to mask all action names, you can utilize the `enablePrivacyForActionName` function in conjunction with the `mask` privacy setting. This operation will automatically substitute all non-overridden action names with a placeholder termed `Masked Element`.

Reviewer: I would use "option" instead of "function", otherwise looks great!

Additional use cases to override the default action name include masking sensitive data in the RUM Explorer and streamlining your analytics and search with custom naming conventions.

### Mask action names

> By default, if you wish to mask all action names, you can use the `enablePrivacyForActionName` option in conjunction with the `mask` privacy setting. This operation automatically substitutes all non-overridden action names with the placeholder `Masked Element`. This setting is also designed to be compatible with existing [HTML override attributes](/real_user_monitoring/session_replay/browser/privacy_options/#override-an-html-element).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, if you wish to mask all action names, you can use the `enablePrivacyForActionName` option in conjunction with the `mask` privacy setting. This operation automatically substitutes all non-overridden action names with the placeholder `Masked Element`. This setting is also designed to be compatible with existing [HTML override attributes][2].
```

{{< partial name="whats-next/whats-next.html" >}}

[1]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Howto/Use_data_attributes

> [2]: /real_user_monitoring/session_replay/browser/privacy_options/#override-an-html-element

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
